TODO
	new features
		basic key features (not all are listed)
			planets
				spawn, fly by, disappear
				remember locations of spawned planets and their characteristics
			ship
				ability to decompress / recompress (air in / out / low oxygen etc.)
				cockpit (lol)
					player sits in pilot seat, can control ship movement
				bed / hammock
***					i want ability to relax on the bed or something, to have a place with a comfortable at-home feeling
				view seat
					like the bed, i want a couch or some seat that you can see the beautiful view of space, maybe its a seat for some purpose, like a gunner seat, or a tractor beam seat
				ladders
***					gonna use ladders to move thru floors, same as minecraft i figure
				map + ability to warp to new areas
					see below in Notes about the universe for warp details
			player
				
			other
				vr controls
		needed for ease of play
			player
***				screen pointer showing direction of set point (ship), at first instead of custom point, could be last touched
					getting there! but everythings backward. it only shows when ship is on screen. and directions are all opposite. and it switches at a certain spot too.
		appearances
			player
				instead of magnet on off written on screen, lightup shoe colors
				sounds and visible air tufts for backpack directioning / boosting
				player shape instead of rectangle
				appearance of suit vs no suit
				player movement animation instead of static shap
				walking sounds
			ship
				ship shape (lol)
					multiple rooms, doors, stairs, ramps, etc.
***					working on it, got a simple one. wanna make sure colliders etc work with it. get the collider working with the outter shell. others easily done already.
***						make cockpit with chair / computer
***						make boosters on the sides in the back
***						make loading bay that opens in the front like a draw bridge (animation?)
***						make viewing room, maybe in the back with all floors included for high cieling, or maybe in the loading bay cuz itll be 2 floors
***						make tech / engine doors to open in the bottom
***						make some stuff that you have to fix from the outside, cuz i want that to be a thing you do
				jet / fire
			warp
				i think itd be kinda cool if warp actually took time still, so you have a warp speed appearance going around the ship while you wait. i feel like waiting is good. like in minecraft going a long distance. or like in wind waker. can upgrade to get higher speeds later or something so it isnt too annoying, but waiting and enjoing the journey is an important part i want to maintain.
			universe
				the background should change when you warp. maybe each galaxy has a new one. but to really be new itd have to procedurally generate every time. for now thats annoying so skip, and just make like some number of galaxy backgrounds. but keep the idea for the future.
		other
			speed is relative. if ship is going at speed A, player speed is A plus the speed relative to the ship.
				we don't always care about that though. And what is the ships speed A relative to?
				the ground from which it took off from last? need to be able to set what is speed relative to.
	bugs
		player
			direction pointer UI clitches for just 1 point, probly at switch of z coordinate
			when you turn off magnet shoes, camera snaps to looking forward
				want to slerp to looking forward (maybe done?)
			torqueing to when laying down doesnt smoothely transition to standing, tho i can't find a way to fix it 40 degrees works best in every other way. but why 40???????
			in some cases, it gets stuck grounded with feet not flat on the surface
				line 158: need to check foot is perpendicular instead, and distance, tho distance is having an issue now so maybe a less than kinda thing
			sometimes walls still flip out the camera when changing camera distance to  go in front of walls
			sometimes player gets stuck on a corner and wierd shit happens
DONE
	player
		UI
			speed indicator
			magnet shoes on / off indicator
			pointer showing direction of set point (ship for now, later could be last touched place, or a custom set point)
		walking controls
			walk and look around
			jump
		flying controls
			air boost forward / backward
			air boost rotation
		magnet shoes controls
			power on / off
			locking on to magnetic material and magnetizing toward / losing lock-on / sticking landing
		camera
			first-person and 3rd-person
	ship
		basic shape to walk on and magnetize to
		one pressable button, controls lights on / off
	planets
		not active yet, foundation has been started though
NOTES
	traveling
		Normal booster engine travel (1 planet scale)
		Normal warp on map, in radar radius. Always in same galaxy forever
		Far warp outside of galaxy. Not directional, 2 types: random, or to a galaxy I've been
	universe
		Galaxies are too big to see more than one on a map
		The map is super big actually, so flying with engines barely gets you anywhere at all on the map. Super slow. You warp on the map from place to place. Wherever you go you are always the center of the map, so as you move, things go in and out of view on the map. Say you warp to a planet on the map, engines are just used to move around the planet and it's moons.
		Galaxies never hit each other. So basically no galaxy interaction.
		You can't warp outside the map with the normal warp you use inside, because you don't know what's out there and you could warp into the center of a star. And also let's just saw normal warp distance is same as visibility distance.
		So here's what I'm thinking could make things easy.
		Anywhere you normal warp, it's always same galaxy. Galaxy is essentially endless.
		To leave a galaxy you must do a far warp. This warps you out of galaxy and maybe there may be nothing. Then sometimes you find a new galaxy. You saved warp coords of the Galaxy you were in so you can warp back to it. The coords tho aren't really on a map, like galaxies aren't anywhere really, they're just a list. There's no direction to find them. Know what I mean?
	game universe construction
		player is always center. that way if you decide to get out and float forever, you can. i kinda want to be able to say the universe is infinite and that can only happen if player is the center. otherwise unity will run out of space at some point.
		gotta do coordinate mapping between came coordinates and "real" universe coordinates.
		ship location also has to be stored in memory since you can float away from it.
